Hello! My name is Dmitry Belov. I am from Belarus, the city of Gomel. In 2010 he graduated from the Belarusian State University of Transport.
But he never worked in his specialty. At the time of graduation, I already had my own business not related to IT, which still exists. But due to the difficult economic situation, business is going through tough times.
And the IT industry is very attractive to me and has always been very interesting. It opens up completely limitless opportunities for growth and self-realization! That is why I decided to study IT skills deeply.
I found out about RS School on the EPAM website when I was interested in what courses exist for training. I looked for reviews of the school on the Internet and realized that this is a very good platform for learning. And immediately signed up for training at RS School.
At the beginning of school, I already had a good knowledge of HTML, CSS, Wordpress, SEO, Photoshop. Back in school, I was fond of programming, and since then I have been creating sites at an amateur level and promoting them in search engines. Today I have about 5 sites.
I will leave links to recent works under this video. Websites were made only for friends and some are not finished yet. I did not use ready-made templates.
But recently, the requirements of search engines to the speed of the site have become more and more stringent, and users need to offer the most modern approaches in the User Interface and, of course, JavaScript cannot be avoided.
But I'm not only interested in JavaScript, but also in other technologies such as Node.js, React, Angular, Android and IOS app development.
And so, my motivation and plans:
I believe that you cannot do a business that you do not like, which is why I decided to completely go into IT. When I have a goal, I completely immerse myself in it and bring the matter to the end.
It would be interesting for me to work in a good team of programmers on some interesting and complex project. It is important for me when a group of people has the same interests, and not just a desire to work without a soul.
I would also be very interested in creating a completely new commercial product for the global market with my own team of programmers, starting from the search for an idea that is in demand by the society and ending with its full implementation.
But unfortunately I don't have such a command yet. But everything is ahead))))
I have good experience in real business, since I started doing it at the age of 18 (eighteen). That is why it will be interesting for me to combine business with pleasure and turn some interesting idea in the field of IT into a real project with good popularity.
I believe that you need to create applications that will be as popular as famous giants like facebook, instagramm and many others.
I hope you were interested to hear about me and you wereted your time. Goodbye, and maybe see you soon)))
